New Bitrix24 connector docs (#362)
cyclr/docs: pages/connector-authentication/bitrix24.md

---
title: Bitrix24 Authentication
sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: bitrix24-connector
tags: [connector]

---

## Bitrix24 setup

The Bitrix24 connector uses Bitrix24's Inbound Webhooks feature to make API requests.

<a name="create-inbound-webhook"></a>

### Create inbound webhook

Cyclr requires a webhook ID to install the Bitrix24 connector. From the Bitrix24 dashboard:

1. Select **Applications > Developer resources** in the left hand menu.
2. Select **Other**.
3. Select **Inbound webhook**.
4. Get the [webhook ID](#get-webhook-id).
5. [Assign permissions](#assign-permissions).
6. Select **Save**.

<a name="get-webhook-id"></a>

#### Get webhook ID

In the **Webhook to call REST API** field:

1. Get the URL.

> 2. Select just the random 16 character alphanumeric string. This is the webhook ID. For example, if the URL is `https://my.bitrix24instance.co.uk/rest/1/j2zdj8r9h0fdgsb3/` then the webhook ID is `j2zdj8r9h0fdgsb3`.

Reviewer: 1. how get URL?
2. select = click in our docs, 'make note of' or similar is probably a better way of doing it :)

Author: They're taking the j2zdj8r9h0fdgsb2 bit from this URL displayed on the page:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78208292/200855655-a76682bd-ec2c-4ef7-9c00-4887eafe2b6c.png)

Does this sound better?
```suggestion
1. Make a note of the webhook ID. This is the random 16 character alphanumeric string that makes up part of the URL. For example, if the URL is `https://my.bitrix24instance.co.uk/rest/1/j2zdj8r9h0fdgsb3/` then the webhook ID is `j2zdj8r9h0fdgsb3`.
```

<a name="assign-permissions"></a>

#### Assign permissions

Cyclr requires the following permissions for the Bitrix24 connector to function correctly:

- `CRM (crm)`
- `Users (user)` 

Under the **Assign permissions** heading for each permission:

1. Select **+ select**.

> 2. Enter the required permission.

Reviewer: what does this mean? are they searching for it or entering a value?

Author: They would need to search for each of the permissions given in the list just above these instructions:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78208292/200855449-1ae846f9-8fc4-4bb2-9360-d6d1ca8b6578.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78208292/200855349-1b600f79-f8b8-4823-921c-1d4479858f32.png)

Reviewer: A missing comma can cause me much confusion! :D

Under the **Assign permissions** heading, to add each permission:
